gh-131842: Allow to pass custom CFLAGS and LDFLAGS to the compilation of builtin extension modules (#131847)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.14.rst

  with :c:expr:`Py_NO_LINK_LIB`. (Contributed by Jean-Christophe
  Fillion-Robin in :gh:`82909`.)

> * Two new configure flags are added: :envvar:`CFLAGS_BUILTIN_MODULE` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Two new configure flags are added: :envvar:`PY_EXTRA_STDMODULE_CFLAGS` and
```

>   :envvar:`LDFLAGS_BUILTIN_MODULE`. These flags allows refistributors to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :envvar:`PY_EXTRA_STDMODULE_LDFLAGS`. These flags allows refistributors to
```
